Question: Is it important to learn about others culture?

Opening: To talk about these things. First, we need to define what culture is?
Culture is everything that describe a particular group of people
The group can be a religious group, or people from different town, or other countries.
 *From my point of view, there're several reasons we should learn about  other cultures.

1. Educating ourselves:
Understanding different geography and economic, food, education..or something belong to that country.
We know how to use money or food. How their education works... We know their religiuos...so on.
From learning other cultures We create knowledge for yourself.


2.Making new friends
Create opportunity to meet new people.
There're different way to meeting new people. Visiting people from diverse cultures is one of them.
This is an ideal way of expanding a people's social circle and creating room for them to learn about cultures.
Remember, the best  way to make new friends is by learning about their culture.
 When we know their culture like How they communicate or how they eat or st

3.Work opportunity

Enhance effective communication.
Language is critical part of human communication. However, It's not the only factor effective communication. 
Culture enhances communication in varying ways. Many times, interacting with people from different cultures help you view life
from different perspective. When you learn different cultures, you establish new ways of thinking and
approaching and solve problems. You have new language,...


4.Speaking others languages
 Between languages and culture: They're closely related to each other.
Language enables you to express your feelings and thoughts facilitate communication and allow ypu to exchange knowledge with others.
To fully master a different culture=> You need to understand language. It's worth noting, That to understand a different culture.
 You have to strive to study the language associated with culture.
Because, Language is highly depend on various factor.
They include the customs,value...
Language mirror the beliefs and values of a culture.
The diffent between two culture can be expressed throught their language and understand the differences help you related with people BETTER

5. Travelling to other countries
In today's techono-savvy times, the world is rapidly becoming smaller. As people travel far and wide,
there're high chances that you'll encounter people with varying cultures.
Example:s
Lots of problem can arise(/ə'raiz/-verb: nảy sinh, xuất hiện) from misunderstanding, especially we live in
multicutural world. By learning or understanding
different cutures you understand why people do things the way they do.
 When you Identify  with other people you sympathize(/'simpəθaiz/:đồng cảm) with their 
situation. This facilitates(/fə'siliteit/ : tạo điều kiện) understanding and prevent misunderstanding.


